what's happening guys j-rock from park
to be calm and today we're talking about
the new 2013 k2 aftershock first thing
you'll notice this does come with the
binding the marker MX 14 unbelievable
binding pretty much basically the
gesture color-coordinated perfectly with
the aftershock that looks really hot
that's a really nice looking ski first
thing you'll notice right on top get the
mod technology and the mod monic
technology to dampen any crud or ice
that you run over out there it's like
having shock absorbers on a ski okay but
I will tell you that this ski has no
speed limit this is one of the fastest
game skis in the planet if not the
fastest skiing in this planet 86
underfoot okay so it's pretty wide but
why it's wide is because you're going to
ski a 70% off trail okay this thing is
meant to be ridden through the crud real
nice East Coast Northeast ski okay where
you know we get a lot of boilerplate
days a lot of icy days
this thing has superior edge hold okay
and I mean great edge hold what else is
really nice about this ski it's pretty
lightweight for having so much
technology so much flex mana this
thing's really nice it's got the
all-terrain rocker 70% early rise
technology 30% up top 70 down below here
through the camber ok so it's gonna make
it a little easier get into those turns
and like I said no speed limit hold on
for dear life 2013 k2 aftershock check
it out at Park speak calm
you